README.md, before:

# cd-tilde
one shot VPN

Creates OpenVPN server, which sends configuration file to your telegram when ready to connect.

0. Create selectel account
1. Install terraform from https://www.terraform.io/downloads
2. Create your own file terraform.tfvars in current directory that contains [selectel credentials](https://kb.selectel.com/docs/cloud/servers/tools/how_to_use_terraform/#provider-configuration) and [telegram token](https://core.telegram.org/bots#6-botfather)
```terraform
selectel-account   = "012345" # number of selected account (mentioned in control panel )
project-id         = "0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef" # selectel project id (shows after creating project in cloud platform)
openstack-user     = "user" # credentials of cloud platform project for openstack
openstack-pass     = "pA55w0rd"
selectel-api-token = "AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWxYz012345" # API Key (creates in Setings of Control Panel)
telegram-bot-token = "123456789:AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWxYz012345678" # bot token 
```
3. Run `terraform init` to initialize terraform providers
4. Specify your telegram bot token and your public domain which has generated HTTPS certificate in bot/bot.go
```bash
sed -i "s/YOUR_SECRET_TOKEN/123456789:AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWxYz012345678/;s/your-public-domain/example.com/" bot/bot.go
```
5. Generate or copy existing certificate in bot/ folder. Please note, that you should use fullchain certificate for the embedded web server.
8. Run `go run .` from bot/ directory

Commit message:

add time limit in config, update README

README.md, after:

# cd-tilde
one shot VPN

Creates OpenVPN server, which sends configuration file to your telegram when ready to connect.

0. Create selectel account
1. Install terraform from https://www.terraform.io/downloads
2. Create your own file terraform.tfvars in current directory that contains [selectel credentials](https://kb.selectel.com/docs/cloud/servers/tools/how_to_use_terraform/#provider-configuration) and [telegram token](https://core.telegram.org/bots#6-botfather)
```terraform
selectel-account   = "012345" # number of selected account (mentioned in control panel )
project-id         = "0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef" # selectel project id (shows after creating project in cloud platform)
openstack-user     = "user" # credentials of cloud platform project for openstack
openstack-pass     = "pA55w0rd"
selectel-api-token = "AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWxYz012345" # API Key (creates in Setings of Control Panel)
telegram-bot-token = "123456789:AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWxYz012345678" # bot token 
```
3. Run `terraform init` to initialize terraform providers
4. Generate or copy existing certificate in bot/ folder. Please note, that you should use fullchain certificate for the embedded web server.
5. Specify your telegram bot token, your public domain for which has generated HTTPS certificate, filenames of certificate keypair and public available port in environment variables.
```bash
export BOT_PORT=8443
export BOT_DOMAIN=example.com
export BOT_APITOKEN=123456789:AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWxYz012345678
export BOT_KEY=privkey.pem
export BOT_CERT=fullchain.pem
```
6. Specify the ids of telegram users which allowed to use this bot in bot/config.json file in the following format:
"user_id": allowed_duration_in_seconds. default value 300 seconds if the value is negative.
```json
{
    "234567890": 3600,
    "345678901": -1
}
```
7. Run `go run .` from bot/ directory
